ResponsiveScalableHTMLemail
===========================

The lack of standards and the crazy amount of quirks between each individual e-mail client (both web and mobile) is pretty crazy. For example, some e-mail clients completely strip the style and head tags, and support the bare-bones inline CSS styles (and not everything, at that), and other e-mail clients are slightly more technologically caught up, and have HTML standards that are not ancient. The differences are too much between various clients, and lots of e-mail templates out there look perfect on certain clients, and then make you do a "facepalm" on others. I recently had to do a responsive e-mail template as a project, and I must say... it was quite a trip making it work across various e-mail clients! I thought that this template here would help some people who are looking to make an HTML e-mail that works across most e-mail clients, both web based and mobile based, by providing a very simple and basic layout to get started, and working off of that. There are tons of templates and guides out there (ie HTML Boilerplate, Antwort, etc), with lots of notes, comments, and code cluttering the document, all over the place, and they fail to make it simple. This is what I am trying to accomplish here for the community (not sure how much help it will be, but nevertheless) - just provide an HTML skeleton template, so that writing an HTML e-mail that works across multiple clients does not have to be such a hair pulling, eye gouging task. I am sure there are pros out there that will scoff at this, but for the "newb" category of developers, this might just be of some help. Personally, I had no idea how different and crazy the coding of an HTML e-mail would be, when compared to tradition HTML web design. If you made it here, then you are probably looking for a simple solution that does not fill your head with too much unnecessary info (not saying that info is not good, just saying some of it COULD be not as vital as you need for your specific task). Well, I hope this particular style template / layout is of at least of some use to someone...

Design
======

The standard layout is a basic, single-column layout, with all tables stacking on top of one another. This layout works across most e-mail clients (both web and mobile based). E-mail clients that strip the head section from the document, and support nothing but inline styles in the body of the document, will display the standard, single-column, table-stacking layout. For those more advanced e-mail clients that support media queries and style tags in the head of the document, the layout will change (at a min-width of 600 pixels), and the meat of it (the middle area, which is centered around images) will appear to be displayed in inline-block fashion. The template works across various e-mail clients, and either way, regardless of the current support of the specific e-mail client, this HTML e-mail will be displayed fluidly and be scalable (since the layout is all percentage based), dependent on the screen size. See code for more details...

